#BackendModule
app/code/community/German/LocalePackPt                        app/code/community/German/LocalePackPt
app/etc/modules/German_LocalePackPt.xml                       app/etc/modules/German_LocalePackPt.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/localepackpt.xml  app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/localepackpt.xml


#Downloader
downloader/template_pt_1.5  downloader/template_pt_1.5
downloader/template_pt_1.7  downloader/template_pt_1.7


#Misc
js/german/localepackpt/setup.js     js/german/localepackpt/setup.js

#TinyMCE
js/tiny_mce/langs/pt.js                                 js/tiny_mce/langs/pt.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/langs/pt_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/langs/pt_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/langs/pt_dlg.js             js/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/autosave/langs/pt.js                js/tiny_mce/plugins/autosave/langs/pt.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/langs/pt_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/langs/pt_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/media/langs/pt_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/media/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/langs/pt_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/langs/pt_dlg.js       js/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/style/langs/pt_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/style/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/table/langs/pt_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/table/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/template/langs/pt_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/template/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/xhtmlxtras/langs/pt_dlg.js          js/tiny_mce/plugins/xhtmlxtras/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/pt.js                 js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/pt.js
js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/pt_dlg.js             js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/pt_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/themes/simple/langs/pt.js                   js/tiny_mce/themes/simple/langs/pt.js


#LocalePack Translation
app/locale/de_DE/German_LocalePt.csv app/locale/de_DE/German_LocalePt.csv
app/locale/en_US/German_LocalePt.csv app/locale/en_US/German_LocalePt.csv
app/locale/es_ES/German_LocalePt.csv app/locale/es_ES/German_LocalePt.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/German_LocalePt.csv app/locale/fr_FR/German_LocalePt.csv
app/locale/pt_PT/German_LocalePt.csv app/locale/pt_PT/German_LocalePt.csv


#Adminhtml und Default Theme

#CoreTranslation

#Email templates



# Clear the cache
#@shell   rm -rf $PROJECT/var/cache/* && echo "Magento Cache cleared"
